Spring Break has broken or as I like to
call it the annual teen moms national
casting calls any of you in our audience
here tonight on spring break you know
for a lot of young people Spring Break
is primarily about doing things you will
eventually tell your children not to do
things like beer bongs and stamps
and of course threesomes threesomes are
threesomes are a life event that I don't
know some people are very proud some
people are embarrassed about them but
today we went out onto Hollywood
Boulevard we asked people a simple
question we asked have you ever had a
threesome now this is a tough one to
figure out just by looking at somebody
so uh what we're gonna do we're gonna
we're gonna see a person or state his or
her name and where they're from then we
will stop the video and together we will
try to guess if they've ever made the
beast with three bats okay
are you ready let's begin have you ever
had a threesome alright has mate all the
guys are yelling yes and all the letters
let's find out
no say anything else besides that I'm
pretty sure she hasn't had a one--some
yet but alright who do we have next am I
gonna hear from Hollywood have you ever
had a threesome oh I think he'll be
tickled to hear that yeah it's part of
being a Hollywood
[Applause]
all right who else do we have
[Music]
have you ever had a threesome all right
all right most people are saying yes
which I wouldn't think Hermitage
Missouri would be threesome country but
oh let's see who's correct yeah yeah I
think we got a double yeah that's it
maybe a sixsome next up Murray Rhaegar
from Baltimore Maryland have you ever
had a threesome Wow everybody thinks yes
garam Oh what do you think yes you do
what makes you say yes look a little
while she does all right no but I'd like
to we haven't seen the guy with the
microphone since my name is Tara and I'm
from Sweden have you ever had a
threesome
yes Davis his name is terror he's from
Sweden all right well he does have
cheetah spots on his head so let's find
out if terror has had a three yes whose
idea was it I was like all the all parts
you know what his whole life is a
threesome there I think there are two
guys at tattooed on his chest they're
all right next up my name is Glen mo I'm
from Sri Lanka have you ever had a
threesome
[Laughter]
Wow
No almost everyone to say no there's one
person than saying yes all right well
let's find out if Lynn Moore has ever
had a a threesome yeah he's three lankan
is what I believe we have oh we have one
more all right
dolly boy from Los Angeles California
have you ever had a threesome all right
whoa we got a lot going on here
okay I know maybe your initial
inclination is ago yeah a lot of makeup
probably she's wearing a crucifix though
so maybe not gear more what do you think
about this yeah all right let's find out
if dolly boy has ever had a threesome if
I did I wouldn't tell no oh
well that's his spidey sense was
tingling all right there you go
thanks to all our participants
[Music]